Hello, young word explorer.
Welcome to Unit 9, Let's Explore the City!.
This unit has 23 vocabulary cards in 4 learning groups.
Group 1 is Places in the City.
Listen for words such as library, shopping center, underground, ferry, Ferris wheel, market.
Group 2 is City Sounds and Getting Around.
Listen for words such as traffic, helicopter, bus, map, directions, straight ahead.
Group 3 is Aquarium Animals.
Listen for words such as aquarium, octopus, penguin, turtle, shark.
Group 4 is Describing Words (Adjectives).
Listen for words such as amazing, beautiful, clever, dangerous, huge, scary.
For each word, listen and repeat, read five sentences, notice the word type, practise spelling, write your own sentence, and ask the tutor for help.
You are ready to begin Unit 9.